# castanedaPHamsterHotel

My first full website working off of a premade example from Adobe. It will be a hotel website for hamsters, they can book reservations, find hotel info like; rooms, amenities, packages and contact. Will have header, navbar, main, section, footer, buttons, forms, etc.
Looking forward to building this site and hope it will look exactly like the model. 


Peer Review by; “Really good work here Pedro. There’s a few discrepancies between the prototype and the desktop sized web page that I could find. Mostly relating to the images not being zoomed and cropped in the exact same way as the prototype - something I had trouble with too and don’t think is honestly that big of a deal. Other than that most of the formatting is spot on and a near 1:1 recreation of the prototype. My only nitpicks in that respect are that the “Packages” section, the columns are a bit spaced out when you get to the full 1920x1200 screen size as the prototype, but that’s probably just because you were building in a smaller resolution. As for the responsiveness, everything actually looks really good. All information is retained in tablet and mobile versions, and nothing looks too wonky/awkward. I especially liked how you turned the awards badges in the “Overview” section into an automatic carousel. You also put a lot of thought and consideration into this project like making the reservation section’s inputs have data validation. And even the code was pretty easy to follow and had a lot of helpful comments. Nice! Keep up the work Perdo, A+ from me!” -Kenneth Fujimura